I'm Kevin Cornell of California
strengths and today I'm going to show
you some exercises that will help cure
patellar tendonitis as well as deepen
your position in the hole the first one
is the lease scruciating of the two what
you're going to do is have a seat on the
floor put both feet out in front of you
and then just pull this one back as far
as you can now some people sit with
their foot out this way you want to try
and tuck your toe under you so that you
don't stretch too many ligaments and
everything in your ankle what you're
going to do is carefully lean back as
far as you can go and if you can't go
all the way down at first that's okay
what we're trying to do is just stretch
this tendon right here as far as we can
and the more advanced you get the
further back you can go until you can go
all the way down touch the floor hold
that for about thirty seconds and then
switch to the next one
thirty Seconds and sometimes if you're
really tight after a hard training day
your leg will come up like this but
that's okay because as your stretch it's
going to go lower and lower and lower to
the ground I would do about two to three
sets thirty seconds each of those
usually at night before I go to sleep
and then that way they're nice and loose
for you the next day the second one is
the harder the two and this time we're
just going to put our legs both legs
behind us now for beginners I would hold
around my lower calf just so I don't
fall down too much and start to slowly
sit down and as you sit your knees will
start to push out further and further
and further until you can finally touch
your butt to the floor and as you do
this and you become better at this
stretch we'll start to notice your your
your position and hope we'll be more
flexible we'll be able to get lower and
under the bar that's the first series
the second series I like to do
is just put my foot up on the box and go
down into a I don't know Bulgarian type
split like this two sets 30 seconds each
finish off with a couple hamstring
stretches just to loosen everything out
and there you have it that will cure all
patellar tendonitis thank you